Fix. Account for the "data_array" property of the "values" attribute of the "dimensions" attribute. Closes #2385 (#2387)
plotly/plotly.R: NEWS.md

* Closed #2337: Creating a new `event_data()` handler no longer causes a spurious reactive update of existing `event_data()`s. (#2339)

> * Closed #2385: `"parcoords"`, `"parcats"` and `"splom"` traces now work with one-dimensional data by accounting for the "data_array" property of the "values" attribute of "dimensions".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Closed #2385: `"parcoords"`, `"parcats"` and `"splom"` traces now work when `values` is a length 1 vector (also, more generally, attributes that expect a list of objects should have those objects "verified" correctly now).
```
